the week is going to dispute the rally
land of Córdoba has proof
scoring for the championship of spain
of the specialty in this course the
most of the fans returned with
tests and saves served Guillermo
barriers
would be able to Uruguayan gustavo
trelles the current champion 3 had us
participated in four courses but
environment of cordoba internal humans
insufficient to get
mathematically altitude then we're already going
to let surprise and thanks to the
power of the biggest cycle and still
pint of love set out to win the
test
it is clear that the beautiful victory of
stars very out in some stretches
they were very fast and the salvatierra of
esca in the rebound gets muddy two trains
new the only one that has problems of
marfan and most of the corridos for
see to watch badly when driving
If they did not return the road according to
the observers another path to make
the fastest of those that have been fixed and
in some cases the uac paler
I had fallen, I did not watch, it complicates everything
said children neighborhood barriers
why the happiness of the graph the
car in this way the viewer does not
has serious problems of unasur
hurry hurdles will turn the track on
the matter spectacularity although there was
assortment
prosper the first place were shuffled
trains and career barriers and there was everything
a group of disputed disputes
entry into the country claims to be the best
and loves meters on earth 4 is born the third
plaza tan served with sanín innovavan can
make networks to push bands
that the pilot uses and will not have
problems of more fronts and is the one of
conform the fourth place the also
Catalan Salvador Servià will have the same
the stage zone is chopping a stone and
is going to lock the change housing in the
which house of her gave to the test which
disputed the second special while
is in a Catalan cursed club and that
I had a very good performance
antonio rivas sba turn has driven the
section of the two wheels very tribes and
will show why is the change to
a jungle category
we are doing very well we are going ahead of both
drive wheels and eighth kilograms of
the general
going deep because it is very fast
and skates pretty defends better in
life zone that they are going to proclaim
champion to spain barcelona in
consecutive in this victory does not go
being easy has been a difficult race
very much mud
very much driving but the car has been
behaved like a charm I want
take advantage to thank the people of
alessandrini racing team because
really has shown that in the five
opportunities that we could have of
we played the championship have proved to be
brilliant
large pilot guards to prepare the
next course houses for madrid to
take out the championship and stieg and I decided